---
description: Frequently Asked Questions
---

# ❓ FAQS

<details>

<summary>What are the different variations of the Double 4K?</summary>

The Double 4K is available in four variations: Double 4K Ag+ (RGB and NDVI multispectral imagery); Double 4K Analytics (Zoom RGB and NDVI multispectral imagery); Double 4K Multispectral (5-band multispectral mapping), and Double 4K NDVI/NDRE.\
For more information about the different insights generated by each, please view [our spec sheet ](https://info.sentera.com/hubfs/Collateral/Sentera-Double%204k-Sensor.pdf).

</details>

<details>

<summary>What drones are compatible with the Double 4K?</summary>

The Double 4K is compatible with Sentera’s PHX Fixed-wing drone. It is also compatible with DJI Inspire, Matrice, Mavic, and Phantom series.

</details>

<details>

<summary>What kind of data and insights do I get with the Double 4K?</summary>

There are four different variations of the Double 4K, which are designed to capture different types of data and analytics. For more information about the specific data and insights generated by the Double 4K, please viewFor more information about the different insights generated by each, please view [our spec sheet ](https://info.sentera.com/hubfs/Collateral/Sentera-Double%204k-Sensor.pdf).

</details>

<details>

<summary>How can I change the settings on my Double 4K? What settings are configurable?</summary>

There are several settings that can be configured on the Double 4K, including exposure for the imagery, video settings, and trigger configuration. Refer to [our configuration file user guide ](https://support.sentera.com/portal/en/kb/articles/double4k-agx710-configuration-file-user-guide)for more information.

</details>

<details>

<summary>How do I use a new MicroSD card with my Double 4K?</summary>

We recommend using a class 3 (U3 \~ 100mb/s) card. For the Double 4K, the maximum card size should be 64 GB. If you need more information about formatting a MicroSD card for use with your Double 4K, see [this support article ](https://support.senterasensors.com/fieldagent-mobile-ios/requirements/sd-cards#about-sentera-cameras)for more information. .

</details>

<details>

<summary>Can I operate the drone using Sentera FieldAgent? Can I import/view my data in FieldAgent?</summary>

FieldAgent iOS App allows users to plan and fly missions with compatible drones. To learn more, view [our user guide ](https://support.senterasensors.com/fieldagent-mobile-ios)for FieldAgent Mobile.\
Double 4K data can be imported into FieldAgent both on the Web and via our Desktop application. For more information on how to import and view your data in FieldAgent, view [this support article ](broken-reference).

</details>

<details>

<summary>How do I access the diagnostics web pages?</summary>

Accessing the diagnostics web pages may vary based on your system’s platform and camera. [This support article ](https://support.sentera.com/portal/en/kb/articles/accessing-the-double4k-agx-710-web-pages)provides more insight into accessing the diagnostics web pages for the Double 4K.

</details>

<details>

<summary>I am not finding an article to help me. How do I contact support?</summary>

Contact support by submitting a support ticket. You can also call support at (844) 736-8372 (option 1) during normal business hours, Monday-Friday from 8 a.m. – 5 p.m. CT.

</details>
